feat: add cache revalidation flow (#331)
notum-cz/strapi-next-monorepo-starter: apps/docs/docs/ui/caching.md

In an application without auth or request-aware navbar behavior, the stricter option is `export const dynamic = "error"` so accidental dynamic APIs fail during build.
:::

## On-Demand Revalidation

> Beyond TTL-based ISR, Strapi publishes invalidate cached content immediately via the revalidation pipeline: page/redirect paths through `revalidatePath`, and shared content (navbar, footer) through `revalidateTag`. Fetchers in `apps/ui/src/lib/strapi-api/content/server.ts` tag shared content with `strapi:api::<uid>` so a publish can target it precisely.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beyond TTL-based ISR, Strapi invalidates cached content immediately when publishing via the revalidation pipeline: page/redirect paths through `revalidatePath`, and shared content (navbar, footer) through `revalidateTag`. Fetchers in `apps/ui/src/lib/strapi-api/content/server.ts` tag shared content with `strapi:api::<uid>` so a publish can target it precisely.
```
